when you're creating when you're
writing
when you're coming up with your
theory II theory have everything
you can to come up with in a
better make in the bathtub naked
it's not going to be while
processing your email
all why are you up dealing with
all the distractions of modern
life
it is inevitably going to be in
a moment of quiet I mean if you
look for science
you know Nutan came up with the
theory of gravity
while in a contemplative mood
yeah he was nodding teen is gaza
partying he wasn't doing email
rights and we have so many
examples like that
so it's not that we should all
just meditate is that
this aspect have introspection
should be
baja nice are absolutely i mean
that way we can still about the
Internet
in a moment meditate and
developers all we did was
meditate now I think its impact
not know how to
in the book i I have this twelve
steps are proud to
leave nobody has 11 steps noted
so disappointed but
11 is a perfectly good prime
number well because I'm sure
what not if you want to
make it clear that you believe
that we are addicted
okay that's why I picked to add
okay now I need the ability to
evoke
is that day vocational
educational hey guys where
addicted to this
but when a weekend change it and
the and I recommend for example
study with five minutes and
meditation like
everybody has five minutes just
kinda beginning to have an
experience that they something
as lying on
and you know we both love
technology
where both geeks and nerds new
car carrying peak
and Mike Kiley card with britain
here we go yes going on record
here
yes I give me the campfire I
cannot be happening here okay
but I also recognize the need to
disconnect from technology
and reconnect with myself and
then return to technology and
he's the big paradox that I lap
that nowadays Mar Mar technology
that help says disconnect from
technology in 30 min
me like feel better because I
have in my I have on my
on my smartphone now I have the
sound at the beach
you have the sound of the beach
I'm sure you have a feature
and that Apple is poured out
called do not disturb
yes there is an app called on
Pisasale that can put all your
income and communications on
hard
why you're coming up with the
idea for everything so
there's so many that I have in
in thrive I have a an appendix
of 12 meditation aP's
one of my favorite is called
headspace which is really about
it again you create some are
headspace from so that you can
create you can think
you can connect with your them